Put the mask on your face, and become a node
between 0 and 1
This is the marionette
the Network is Blind
Internet is Myopic
the puppet is Workaholic
the Network is a Trail
the interface is Sniffing
the interface is a Collective Traveller
sensor is on
sensor is off
the code is binary
shadows are invisible
we are the machines
Ask the marionette
a puppet never dies
we are humans
Signals that are not repeated or repeatable die
we are extended
body never lies
how to fit them together?
we are the bodies
we occupy the collective chimera
the masks are the bodies
we are the network
who are you
where are you
what are you
we are the mask on the nodes
we are the mask on your bikes
the puppet is entangled
the puppet is a paranode
the puppet is a Collective Traveller
humans and machines together as beings that repeat
network of humans and machines
the interface is a Collective Traveller
zero, un, zero, un,zero, un,zero, un,zero, un,
network is entangled
unnetwork the nodes
shadows are invisible not repeated on the bodies
the code that is a paranode
Playing the nodes
playing the paranodes
networks are plural, fluid, and overlapping',
Puppet, Marionette, Glove
Internet is a rhizome
Habits, Costume

Artifacts can be simpler composite, from a single sensor to an augmented building, from tagged objects to systems and infrastructures elements
The installation is a tangible outcome celebrating how human beings and machines affect each other.
 The interaction via twitter, occurs in a loop between the visitor and the crafted electronic nodes, between physical and digital manipulation.
Fed by data, the network of artifacts is tuning itself.
 Their bodies are made of electronic textile and hard material and a combination of traditional craftsmanship and new technology making.
 The nodes are connected with the world with sensors and surveillance-camera.
When alone, the artefacts are moving in response to data feed and to each other moves.
who wants to be a node?
who wants to be a paranode?
Listen to the object\'92s physicality before trying to impose a narrative to it.
The puppeteer sends informations to the puppet by pulling the strings as an extension to his body
or by adding his body to the mask.
Use the strings of interfaces from our body in flesh to digital puppet in multiple locations
Between 0 and 1. We are all there together, the Dada data .
Come and share the experience of its uncanny space from within.
networks and puppets share the power of producing original environments with their own specific language.
 Puppetry has the power of transmuting inanimate objects into animated object performing a narrative.
 Furthermore, how the puppeteer or the mask wearer perceives its environment through his mask or puppet will vary according to the object's design and how it is connected to the performer's body.
 Code is made of an executable language, transmuted into actions through computation and it engages with the user in a specific way.
How the user or the interfaces will perceive each other will vary according to the hardware or software designed by programmers. We perceive our environment, wearing our social network mask, defined by our likes, dislikes and tweets.  \
As we are turned into data, our new media selves interact with each others through the network interfaces.
The interface is the mask, the mask is the reality and mask is the text.
Understanding this reality is to look at the mask not through it, and to address the interface92s objecthood.
The mask act and perform as a frame, a mirror or a mediator and explore if the networks share the same potentiality.
Theatrical masks permit the participants to step into the other reality of the frame.
The mask is framing the performer\'92s body and the spectators shift their focus from the reality of the face to the reality of the mask and the performer's body.
We interact with our friends on Snapchat, Instagram, and other social media platforms.
on Facebook, I relate to the others covered by the mask of my profile.
Our digital mask are composed by the informations following a given template : date of birth, my likes and dislikes and number of friends.
Our bodies are framed to our face so only our faces and not our bodies inform our virtual identity.
My friends shift their focus from the reality of my face and body to the reality of my virtual mask.
All the information missing from this template are not part of my digital identity.
You are not my friend, unless you are registered as such on Facebook.
My social network mask will impersonate me as long as I am using this network to communicate.
There is only one mask frame per network, and not only our bodies but also our communications are framed. Consequently, in order to be seen, identified or simply exist in the virtual,
I have no choice but to stay in the frame designed to serve the network\'92 s purpose : how we come to express who we are online is driven more by the medium than by the individual user.
In the physical world, I can choose among various masks and adjust my communication to my audience.
we are framed in the network ,
we perceive the existence of others through the frame similarly to the actors through their mask.
Her lover has not any digital footprint or presence on social media.
the mask is reflecting the performer 's movement or put in another way, the mask or the puppet is not perceived as alive unless it can borrow the actor s body
the mask extended-body reflects two narratives, the first one taken from the audience 's perception, and the other sourced by the performer's feedback to the mask.
Therefore both audience and performer are reflected.
the network mask is self reflective. I, as a user do not perform the mask, I am looking at it like my followers or friends, we are on the same
side of the frame.
I suggest we are spectators more then actors of the mask and the performers are the networks. In addition to perform as echo chambers, social media are more similar to pink filters or spectacles than mirrors.
Through the network glasses, I can choose to see only what I like.
It is not only my Facebook page reflecting my actions or opinions, but also my friends acting the same.
Therefore as a spectator of my digital self , I experience simultaneously as many mirrors as social platforms I belong to.
I perceive this contemplation in a mirror labyrinth as an augmented reality of myself, it is a reduced vision of what I am which is echoed several times.
The mirror is distorted
while abstracting the user interfaces, APIs exclusively, frame informations helpful to the network programmers

the informations will be sent back to me and my friends, after being selected, indexed, deleted and redesigned.
The network looks back to us and doing so, is affected by us as it acts in reaction to its perception of our data.
The harvested data are a partial reality of what we are
Networks do their own Things
we do our own Things
to be or not to be nodes
to be or not to be paranodes
we are split into sub-nodal and sub-paranodal identities
Turn the other nodes into paranodes, masks and unmasks them.
the networks makes us performing sub-nodal and sub-paranodal masks
humans can explore disruptive strategies
playing the Networks
unmask the network
humans and machines are intertwined and where hierarchy is always under review
listen to this new material, reverse our position from makers to collaborators.
Be part of an improvisation mask performances with the paranodes and the other nodes.
nodes and paranodes, humans or machines, feed the devising process with their backgrounds and characteristics
bring back our moving and paranodal bodies in the devising process along with the networks nodes
we transfer our ability to act through the strings of the networks interfaces from our body in flesh to the digital nodes.
our body then remains at the network border and become paranodal
networks interfaces emulate an uncanny space,
network interfaces reproduce faithfully human behaviours and do their own things.
