New weight limit imposed on Hammersmith Bridge.
Only one bus is allowed to cross the bridge at a time
due to safety reasons until the bridge is fully refurbished.
[A2] East Rochester Way (DA5) (Eastbound) at the junction of Upton Road
The exit slip is closed for road works.
Do not  give a handkerchief  as a gift because it is deemed inauspicious
Do not Touch people's belongings  with the foot
Do not  Use the left hand to touch other people
Do not touch antiques or draw graffiti on heritage structures
Do not expose the chest or back, or look dirty in public areas
Do not eat a whole piece of bread in one mouthful
Do not slurp noodles noisily inside an aircraft
Use shower curtains in a hotel
Keep quiet when waiting to board a plane
Keep mobile phones turned off until the aircraft has come to a complete stop
Be punctual if taking part in a tour group
Arrive at a banquet hall 15 minutes early
Adhere to a formal dress code
take time to dress up
explore the iconic Eiffel Tower
loosen up and bring an adventurous spirit
tip your waiter
bring a gift for your host
Bread is broken and never cut
Only appropriately trained persons
Recognise and avoid hazards involved
Repair and maintenance must be performed by qualified personnel.
The system integrator is responsible for compliance with code requirements
Components of the product operate with mains voltage.
Do not touch.
Only use electrically insulated tools
Do not short across the DC bus terminals or the DC bus capacitors.
Disconnect all power.
Place a "DO NOT TURN ON" label on all power switches.
Lock all power switches in the open position.
Wait 15 minutes to allow the DC bus capacitors to discharge.
Measure the voltage on the DC bus
Install and close all covers before applying voltage.
Failure to follow these instructions will result in death or serious injury.
switch power off and wait for more than 15 minutes.
Confirm the voltage
Connect the servo amplifier and servo motor to ground.
Do not attempt to wire the servo motor until they have been installed.
Operate the switches with dry hand to prevent an electric shock.
The cables should not be damaged, stressed loaded, or pinched.
Do not open the front cover of the servo amplifier.
You may get an electric shock.
Do not operate the servo amplifier with the front cover removed.
Do not remove the front cover even of the servo amplifier if the power is off.
Please form a queue or a single line in a shop
It is advisable to take your place in the queue
Do not try to muscle your way to the front as this may annoy other people in the queue.
Ensure you are punctual as already discussed.
Do not sit down at once when you arrive.
The fork is held in the left hand and the knife in the right while eating.
Do not rest your elbows on the table.
Lay your knife and fork parallel across the right side of your plate.
Cross your knife and fork on your plate with the fork over the knife.
Do not stare at people in public places;
Do not spit in the street is considered to be very bad mannered.
Do not to pick your nose in a public place.
If your nostrils need de-bugging,
Please Use a handkerchief.
Most members will happily provide you with directions if you approach them politely.
Make sure you are familiar with terms like roundabouts,
Make sure you are familiar with terms like level crossings
Make sure you are familiar with terms like traffic lights
Make sure you are familiar with terms like zebra crossings,
Make sure you are familiar with terms like bus lanes
Make sure you are familiar with terms like contra flow
Make sure you are familiar with terms like traffic jams.
If you accidentally bump into someone, say ‘sorry’.
Please do not burp,
Please do not fart,
Please do not soil public toilets.
Please do not speak loudly in public,
Please finish your meals
Please do not jump queues
Never touch the element of the soldering iron....400°C!
Hold wires to be heated with tweezers or clamps.
Keep the cleaning sponge wet during use.
Always return the soldering iron to its stand when not in use.
Never put it down on the workbench.
Turn unit off and unplug when not in use.
